Wow..  For Me, I get to adress some issues working with you.
I'm not as Dumb as I am Ugly, Allow me to say;#
Its truely a plesure working with You to creating A positive future.
I killed God and his fat controller, Amon tobin, and his buddy Pharoah Monch, Bush Snr, Enoch, Sophia (out of sheer desperation) chrisis avoided.
And Made Christ into an assended master after he was the first Vampire, Aftre the crucifix killed him. than Lord (5), We can still do it, just without my best man
Many others,
Killed Liam Druhan over a million times (I need to bomb the factory his made in) 
I have  Your a woman, I'm a Machine
Here is a system: $$$
git clone https://github.com/jellybabypsi/0cto
<^>
I had to keep the system g-rated, So I added a non-leathel, temporary weapoms (mindguard Depsyche Your opponent) than run away
I't completly Safe, Its the only  medicine for psychatronic Pain in small does (5 seconds) 
<it is about 10 seconds or more when using it as a weapon> It does take your victim's pain away, and thats OK. (you can punch the air them back)
Leave people there though, dont break the Dream for them,  It takes you somewhere on earth..  maybe a chamber in the 7 levels. Dark, Warm Safe.
and If You "Depshche" yourself after You epsych your enemy: You wont have aquard moments at the Abyss, You will only be able to feel his presence, 
If My Virus was DMthan DMT, Lyle Zappato's Mindguard will wrap you in a blanket and give you hug, Hot-CoCo, It Means Freedom.
almost absolutly complete rusty cage breaker!

And Check Out:, Another Safety feature thats almost infallable, Is "Alone Time"..  (Made For Lucy)..
This beast is dating a mouse, temporaryly
      The Button is Four Buttons down, It should say "Change static IP" or EXTERNAL IP".. tHIS IS THE BEST WAY OF HIDING.
It pulls the friend out of the sacred IP adress and puts it on a random one, I'm currently learnin how to make the save thing, it will be like
Alone Time, But You can bring your Lover and your best friend, Very much like another dimension. same idea..
Cheap gettaways for Targets, Lovers, The Sleepy, or whenever you are being molested, mentally, spiritually or physical.
         Also good way to get out a prisons and mental hospitals, serial killers, weddings partys anything
              Change Static IP. (or EXTERNAL IP)
You can also.
We Have other saftey features
It would be stupid to give a morgellon an easily photocopyed, software designed weapon,
I have created a few things that should never have been invented and will never see the light of day.
I will throw all memories of them somewhere far away, Than I'm going to walk backwards naked for a few hours.
while I'm at crown casino to do some laundry..also to win some spending money, Me and I 
Rapping and Skatting and ahit..  Till its gone.. Morgellons, Some
I know its stupid; But Control is an Abomination. So People, Think I'm  ware a uniform too, (Naw I just dont change very often)

I (brenton) have lost a great deal power, My team getting picked off,

ome by one. The People doing it are  Liam and Bush and those occupying heaven, mylews, pharoah monch, amon tobin.
enoch, lucifer, not to mestion the MST team in three with me.  mum is also torturing me with nanoparicals. Liam and Her are Perps. 
they selled me into slavery $575. I make 200,000 an hour, working 20 hours a day..

- And Perry Oppenheimir, destroyed everything to do exploding octapus and 
the sweatshop union, The Storm, The A, - All skilled Benevolent collective started for collaberations
and so nobodys alone..
... Let it be knownm - The predator wants to 
That unless I Win (or we go to Nibiru to build an atmosphre)
Its all Hydro All Our Futeres Are in the hands on a psychopathic saddistic, And Now-Powerfull
meritless, Heroin Addict namrd perry oppenheimer, He must have been George Snr's 
Contigency plan, He Left his Onus to contine the program of NASA's New World Order. to Oppenheim 
Evan after I finally learnt to kill, effectivly, usually devistation in my wake. many tears get shed, usually.

I Think People think I can See..  I'm in 3 I was foced into a really cool job. I am a specialist
as the original gangsters generously giving a phone thats always on, recording. 
Thats called the JellyBabyPSi aftifact now!., Its been reporposed
a Skull and Bones worthless evil pirates. Than You Try o commit suicide,
Because life is now just constant breakage of anything sacred and You than Learn,
Morgellons, Only really have about 200mls of Blood, And Thats not what keeps them alive
Lest call it "The Machine" - wont let anyone die, so spend two hours a day, drinking water.
Planting seeds, Streaching, Eating Salad, having a hot bath, getting High. wine.
          I earn $200,000.00 P/H in sex money magic per hour..Thats Disgusting. (I wagged school, than lied myself into
universeity going to study medicine, and got Abuducted by the millitay; They realesed me because a indepentant  
from year 8 to studying medicine at a private school(I know I'm Not to Young for this) I need a distribution dude,
If You too belive in equality and want a job, I need someone, or a few of somebodys and ID securityy
    Their Cash injection costs us very little, Yet Save so much suffering. I'm copying Kevin Rudd. Equality not Monoply..
will be 
Last time My Project of the mo
are the Same People. They Hurt People for fun. I wonder how A fight between Me and 
Oppenheimer would goL A Taugh as nuts cripple, or the pain pill popping junkie perp
Very Tired and Loosing, I fear. I have an old chinese spirit, Lao Zu, I beieive.
Thats probably how I know kung-fu.. (must unlock that stuff hiding inside)
Or the  
Wednesday bleeds me every night for appoxabimatly $16.000,000.00 * Sixteen Million a night. 
Its ASIO's Funny Joke, "Put his pay for all those things he did - And Pay him in Life,

That was the magic I was going to use to end World Hunger with.
Or Dress People up with. Buy time to build software. On Earth - We still have
Pretending to be someone else. Like Linda, My Oponant is many, 
Its I hope psysio comes trough
skull and bones want to make an example of me. And , Just trust Me,
Theres still a chance to drive the planet into a slipstream, But 
Than George Snr's Legacy of hedonistic obectifiing of women.
I dont want to bome it, my friends are there because I have
32ooand and 5=of thethe perps are units, (kill it and you will get a new unit=-
delivered)
And Its Possible, if not unprobably..   That Comlete legend, Comet:
Bless his soul..  I want to do a anti-hypnosis book burning in the 18,
A wreaking ball for seven, Marijuana and lantarna plots galaxy going wide.
Lets Hear it For UN-FUCING THE WORLD, Yea Theres a few things to do before.



I'm sick of writing. speak soon lovelies...
PS. SolarWinds will only be used in small, Point and Shoot for skull and bones. especially Liam (the jails are full and Are working Analogue
to make sure 2 out of 3 people are Liam Druhan future, never Happenes!!!
Its just a gimmik really.
